# AFL-fantasy-for-kids
This project is to encourage young children to engage with Australian Rules Football. According to the 2017 AFL annual report school football has seen a rise in participation by 16.21%. This shows that there is a further scope to engage more school aged kids into the sport. We believe that the kids will be actively engaged in AFL if we introduce an aspect of gamification. So, we have introduced the concept of Kids Footy League (KFL) which is the kids’ version of AFL fantasy league targeted at children between the ages of 5-15 years old. This would be a simplified and more user friendly version of https://fantasy.afl.com.au/ with less complication in terms of scoring and choosing your team, and a higher focus on developing affinity to a child’s favourite players, and introducing them to supporting a club of their choice. The idea is to build a web-based platform that lets users register (under parents’ guidance) to form an AFL Fantasy Kids profile. Using this profile each user can select 5 players for their fantasy team each week from a list of players. Once the matches are done, users can see how their active players performed and get a score based on that. The leader board mechanism is also incorporated so that kids can compete for the top spot. AFL Platform Context: Currently the fantasy AFL league does exist for adults in the aforementioned https://fantasy.afl.com.au/ where they choose their favourite players and stats provided by Champion data during a match, tally up to a score in a head to head style competition. This proposal is a similar but simplified version for kids where they use points to buy five players each week. The kids can earn more points if the players in their virtual team perform well in the last match. Value Proposition: This proposal has value in terms of audience engagement especially 5-15-year-old children. This may improve broadcasting viewership and ticket sales for matches. The player value may also increase due to his/her fan following or demand in the fantasy league.
